osCommerce Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

Thank you for your interest in contributing code to osCommerce. Contributing
requires a license that clarifies the terms under which code or any other
materials ("Contribution") may be submited for the possible inclusion in our
products. We appreciate your participation and help in improving our products
and want you to understand what will be done with the Contributions. This
license is for your protection as well as ours; it does not change your rights
to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

If you have questions about these terms, please contact hpdl@oscommerce.com.

You and osCommerce agree:

1. You grant osCommerce the ability to use the Contributions in any way. You
   hereby grant to osCommerce a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide,
   royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license under all of Your
   relevant intellectual property rights (including copyright, patent, and any
   other rights), to use, copy, prepare derivative works of, distribute and
   publicly perform and display the Contributions on any licensing terms,
   including without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the GNU General
   Public License (GPL) or the Berkeley Software Distribution license (BSD);
   and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. Except for the licenses
   granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the
   Contribution.

2. You are able to grant osCommerce these rights. You represent that You are
   legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer has rights to
   intellectual property that You create, You represent that You have received
   permission to make the Contributions on behalf of that employer, or that
   Your employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.

3. The Contributions are your original work. You represent that the
   Contributions are Your original works of authorship, and to Your knowledge,
   no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in any
   invention or patent related to the Contributions. You also represent that
   You are not legally obligated, whether by entering into an agreement or
   otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of this license. For
   example, if you have signed an agreement requiring you to assign the
   intellectual property rights in the Contributions to an employer or
   customer, that would conflict with the terms of this license.

4. osCommerce determines the code that goes in its products. You understand
   that the decision to include the Contribution in any product or code
   repository is entirely that of osCommerce, and this agreement does not
   guarantee that the Contributions will be included in any product.

5. No Implied Warranties. osCommerce acknowledges that, except as explicitly
   described in this Agreement, the Contribution is provided on an "AS IS"
   BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
   TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
   PURPOSE.
